[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we're going to zip through the 5th
Friday 13th movie let's get to it
we opened back on a young Tommy Jarvis
walking through the woods in the rain
returning as most serial killers do to
the site of his kill he arrives at
Jason's grave at the same time as some
thrill-seeking teens who proceeded to
dig up the body and take a peek while
hollering you know guy stuff it doesn't
take long for them to get machetes and
then Jason stops and stares at Tommy for
a piece before current day Tommy wakes
up from his nightmare he's in the back
of a transport vehicle on his way to a
halfway house for nut bags when we get
there we learned that Tommy doesn't want
to go as demonstrated by his pouty face
here Pam comes out and gently coaxes him
out to meet with dr. Matthew he gets a
quick rundown of how things work around
here and then is shown in his room while
taking a look around he promptly pisses
his pants but then gets revenge on his
tiny tormentor he and Reggie only there
for funsies since his grandfather works
at the house are beginning to find
common ground with a siren approaches in
the distance indicating trouble a-brewin
the sheriff is out to do a check having
found a couple of the crazies in Miss
Hubbard's woods there then graced by the
Hubbard's themselves demonstrating their
extreme distaste for the inhabitants of
the house while failing to recognize
their own status as garbage human beings
later that day everyone's outside
enjoying the sunny day and doing stuff
choppin laundry chocolate Joey's buzzing
about trying to be helpful but only
managing to demonstrate why being a
sticky mess isn't conducive to being a
productive member of society rebuffed by
everyone he breaks the one rule they all
must live by don't piss off Vic the
consequences demonstrate the importance
of following this rule if that wasn't
traumatic enough the coroner's take it a
step further by whipping back the sheets
and revealing the carnage while also
insulting to bystanders that night a
couple of greasers find themselves
broken down the side of the road
Pete insists Vinnie get the car working
but feels it's taking too long unable to
wait he goes off to take a dump in the
woods which seems extreme and
ill-advised considering the fact that
they're on their way to a double date
Wow gone Vinnie takes a road flare to
the mouth when he gets back Pete creates
some type of experimental a melodic song
while trying to start the car
come on everybody sing starting Jason
proves himself the cynic when he gives
his critique we then cut to a very
sweaty Tommy how'd you work up that
sweat there buddy he has some screaming
going on inside his mind so he takes
some pills to calm the brain Thunder
downstairs during breakfast Reggie is
disappointed to find that he may not be
allowed to see his brother who's in town
visiting and Gramps appears to take joy
in his anguish they experience some
subtle drama as violet accidentally sets
a place for their dead homey we then
have some more overt drama as Tommy is
asked to go get Eddie and we get even
more of this [ __ ] but finally with a
reasonable measured response as Tommy
demonstrates his capacity for violence
meanwhile the police have found the
greasers no Roy no one's talking to you
cut to another murder scene as Billy
rolls up in his 68 Charger likely the
only reason Lauda is excited to see him
and they get ready for their date she by
putting on lipstick and changing clothes
he by snorting some lines and getting a
trim that's a bit too close friend Lana
then suffers a similar fate taking an
axe to the gut in a familiar pattern we
switched back to Tommy who is constantly
haunted by the memory of Jason and a
brief scene at the sheriff's office we
see that contrary to the normal flow the
sheriff actually suspects Jason but it's
not believed by the mayor since Jason is
supposed to be dead in our next scene at
the halfway house Eddie convinces Tina
to once again goes screw in the woods
which goes well by all accounts when
Eddie goes to wash up in the river Tina
lays out to stare up at the beautiful
sky only to have the view ruined by a
pair of hedging shears when Eddie
returns he makes the ages old mistake of
backing up against a tree and gets his
face strapped that night we come to find
that Pam is going to take Reggie to meet
his brother demon Tommy is asked to go
along so he can get out and socialize
the brothers bond over enchiladas and
objectifying their female accompaniment
the party is shut down when jr. rolls up
on his dirt bike and messes with Tommy
resulting in him getting put down hard
then Tommy runs off this works out fine
as demon is getting hit hard by the
enchiladas
which turns into crooning as the two
lovebirds hit each other up with them
ooh baby's butt ends with a slit throat
and impalements with the cast is still
somewhat bloated we have to run through
a few kills Pam finds Matt and Gramps
are gone so she leaves to find them we
clean up the country hillbilly plotline
when jr. gets decapitated and miss
Hubbard gets boiled back at the house
Jake gets cleaved robin gets run through
and then violent distracted by the
intensity with which she practices her
craft of mining robots gets her fluffy
pillow stomach stabbed
Reggie wakes up and finds the gang
hanging out in bed which he shows to Pam
they run off into the woods pursued by
Jason they split up and Pam manages to
find Matt and grants she also continues
running and then flapping her way toward
a barn where Reggie emerges and mows
down Jason with some farm equipment when
Jason wakes up they run off to the barn
when he arrives Pam pops out with a
chainsaw and manages to draw first blood
but then runs out of fuel luckily Tommy
shows up ready for a showdown and to
inflict some of that ultraviolence on
Jason unluckily he mostly just stands
there and gets stabbed although he does
manage to plant his buck knife into
Jason's thigh the battle continues in
the loft with some of that classic
back-and-forth that ultimately results
in Jason falling out of the barn and
onto some farm equipment which knocks
off his hockey mask and peels back a
prosthetic mask revealing he was all Roy
this whole time Hugh's silly Joker at
hospital we find out that Joey was Roy's
son resulting in him cracking and going
nuts on the inhabitants of the halfway
house and some other folks for unknown
reasons and then we get another dream
sequence indicating the Jason torch has
been passed on to Tommy Jarvis a
plotline that will last all the way to
the end of these credits and that was
Friday the 13th season of the witch that
had terrible entry overall despite its
drastic departure from the format I hope
you enjoyed the video and thanks for
watching
[Music]